this tiny Gadget could change the way
you see the world it's called the imicro
Q3 and it's a brand new fingertip sized
microscope with a whopping 1, 200 times
magnification it's pretty cool that it
comes in basically a business card so
you could always keep it in your wallet
and then the lens just sticks to your
phone's camera using a nano suction pad
so it's actually shockingly easy to take
off put back on and be sure it's not
going to fall now I've tested plenty of
microscopes before but never close to
1200 times so let's try this Leaf here
we need to make it as bright as possible
when you're zooming in this much oh my
goodness this is another level let's try
it with a flower wow it is absolutely
Bonkers how close you need to get for
this thing to focus you wouldn't even
think that this exists inside a flower
oh obviously what about a phone screen
wow you can see the entire Matrix of
pixels okay this is a video of something
sitting within this Frame right now can
you see what it is 3 2 one what my
trousers